# Flutter Planner App

## Getting started

To run the app you can either download the apk to your andorid mobile device or download this repository and run the app on your PC.

To download the APK, use this link to sign up for the app distribution, https://appdistribution.firebase.dev/i/6e546163d4a6d0ec. Once you enter your email and accept the invitation you will get an email to download the app. Follow the instructions in the invitation email to allow your phone to download the app. Feel free to email me if you have any questions.

To run the app on your pc, clone this repo. Then navigate to the "release" branch. Use andorid studio to run an android phone emulator and then run the app using VS Code or Android Studio.

# Planner App

## Overview
Our application is meant to serve as a manager for your daily life task,homework assignment,and projects. It helps you organize your task and adding due date to it as a reminder.

## Application Functions
This andriod app allows you to sign in using google login or register an account using email and password. You will be able to reset your password if you forgot your password. We have a task and project page which allows you to add task and project and put them on seperate pages. Our app also have a support page including the contanct information and solution to requently asked question.

## Dependencies
  - cupertino_icons: ^1.0.8
  - firebase_auth: ^5.3.1
  - firebase_core: ^3.6.0
  - google_sign_in: ^6.2.1
  - sign_in_button: ^3.2.0
  - google_fonts: ^6.2.1
  - date_time_format: ^2.0.1
  - uuid: ^4.5.1
  - convert: ^3.1.2
  - url_launcher: ^6.3.1

## Contributions
GROUP 6
- Alvi Aziz - TaskPage,ProjecPage, Navigation, Connecting to database, app deployment, Figma
- Usman Sheikh - HomePage, FaceBook Authentication
- Nathan Vazquez - Create and deploy Backend, Create and deploy Database, app deployment, Figma
- XiaoMin Chen - Google and Email Authentication,SupportPage,login/logout/register page,Figma

This Project has some history that was not full imported from a previous repository (as we did not have access to this offical one).

For a list of the previous commits to this project, please refer to the PREVIOUS_COMMITS folder in this repository.
- It has the history in both an XML format taken directly from the source repository, and a more accessible README that was autogenerated from this XML.

## Figma
https://www.figma.com/design/1VMuQVOfNbbZoLQUYBJl8L/Flutter-Mobile-App?node-id=196-1017&t=6o5IDQLicVVMS8oX-1

## App Link
https://play.google.com/apps/internaltest/4701551833761762248
